according to recent study from the Pew
Research Center almost one in four
Americans has not read a book in the
past year that actually seems high to me
I bet it's even fewer than that so to
find out this afternoon we sent a team
out to the street to ask pedestrians to
name a book any book could be the Bible
could be fifty shades of gray all we
wanted to know is can you name a book
and here's how that went
can you name a book oh yes
[Music]
can you name a book no can you need my
pork
I read books
yeah that's it I booked the Lion King
yeah look you read the book The Lion
King yeah just think hey hold on man I'm
sorry I haven't even read a put-on who
think not on can we cut this and do it
again can you name a book a book any
book
the jungle book not a book is it some
movie sure is it both be sure no does
Matt do magazines count
no those wouldn't be books that's
correct I can name
Mogi dick that's an artist he wrote a
book horse I like that book Moby Dick
was the author yes and the book was
horse yes that's us yeah what was the
last book you read
probably dr. Seuss dr. Seuss dr. Seuss
dr. Seuss maybe I'm gonna book like 12
years I'm drawing a blank
sorry
I am totally blanking out on books what
are you do for a living I was a
librarian all you have to do is pick up
a book because when they know how to
read it adventures come to you
[Applause]
congratulations on making it to the end
of the YouTube video why not celebrate
by clicking the subscribe button you
earned it